c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.pdb
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.pdb
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.dll
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.pdb
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\users\krzysztof\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.dll.config
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\com.voicecommanddroid.apk
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\com.voicecommanddroid-Signed.apk
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\android\bin\com.voicecommanddroid.apk
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\obj\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Krzysztof\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand\VoiceCommand.Droid\bin\Debug\VoiceCommand.Droid.dll.mdb
